this is what was so important the golden
silver is because gold and silver is
God's money it's money made by God and
then in 1971 the US government under
tricky dick Nick prenta Nixon took God's
money and turn it into man-made money
never in the history of this is the
thing never in the history of the world
has this ever happened in 1971 the US
and Nixon convinced the entire world to
replace gold and silver with paper money
this stuff cash is trash so the reason
we have so much volatility in the world
today is historically since the time of
the Romans and the Greeks and the French
and the English and the Germans every
time they have taken God's money like
silver here and replace it with man-made
money there's been economic volatility
now the problem is so the dollar is
going to keep dropping so will the one
of the reasons I can predict what's
going to happen is I can predict the
dollar will keep dropping simply because
the US government and now the Euro the
European Central Bank's are printing so
much of this trash so you'll see a goal
going up in price oil going up in price
real estate going up in price because
this is trash so that's what happened in
1971 has happened throughout history and
the reason this current election doesn't
make any difference is the only person
they can put this back in place is a
strong charismatic leader people like
Julius Caesar Napoleon that's why there
was such great leaders was they actually
replaced this with this unfortunately we
do not have that person among two
candidates I know Ron Paul
philosophically I agree with them as
closely as possible but unfortunately I
don't think Ron Paul has the horse paws
my Jewish friends would say to change
this whole thing so there will be more
this printed than ever before which
means the dollar keeps coming down and
other things keep going up and that's
really what's going to happen
it's predictable and eventually this
will go to its true worth zero so all of
you savers out there and people trying
to save this trash you're going to lose
big time with that Mike baloney